hi I'm Ryan try for inside Xbox and
we're here at treyarch to give you a
peek at the studio itself and also take
a look at the developers what it's like
for them to work on a game like call of
duty world of war now do yourself a
personal favor because these guys are a
little nutso about nazi zombies keep a
sharp eye out for little details here
and there you might learn something new
let's take a look you're the reception
area and this is where we like to
brandish a lot of a lot of the awards
that we've sort of acquired over the
years we've a really long track record
in the game ministry the quality
franchise specifically over in this wing
is actually where this is where DLC is
made this is where map pack three was
with builders the studio has over 250
game developers in the areas of audio
art animation design engineering
production operations and tests and
we're making multiple games all the time
so we have some of our testers in this
pen here they work night and day testing
out the the MP maps a lot of work let's
not beat that really hammer that out
they do a great job so for any given
feature that will have in development at
any given point I'm looking at that
feature at a broad stroke of how it will
work with the rest of the game so if you
take something like a killstreak
development effort
I'll go through and look at the feature
at a 360 degree angle so what does it
like to play what are the controls one
is it sound like how is the art
impacting that and most importantly how
that feature impacts other features in
the game along here we have some of our
of our central tech guys we have our
tech director's office here's our
executive producer Jason Blundell's
office and and he sort of directs the
production of all of our dlc map pack
three included over here we have our
production bullpen this is where are our
producers are going to be working so one
of the really neat experiences that we
had was there was there was debate
whether or not you could actually fire a
light machine gun which is a machine gun
typically you'd find mounted to a
vehicle on sand bags with a bipod if you
could actually run around and fire one
from the hip so what we did was to
settle the argument is we went out to
Las Vegas picked up a 30-count machine
gun wrapped a wet rag around the Braille
there's literally no place to put your
hand we had ammo draping over our arms
and we're firing this weapon from the
hip it looked like a scene out of
predator I mean it was totally awesome
who's a lot of fun and that's actually
how we made the determination whether or
not we could do it so this is where the
magic happens with the audio department
alright so the head shot ping sound that
you hear in mp is actually a hammer
being hit on top of a helmet can you
grab the helmet it's Hank it's hanging
up outside so this is the sound of your
head getting smashed in multiplayer
courtesy of our senior sound designer
Gary Spinrad who got the brilliant idea
one day to just take this authentic
helmet that's probably been through a
lot worse actually and just beat the
crap out of it with a big hammer and
then I think he mixed that with celery
breaking so you get this kind of
disgusting ping and you know it's you
played before you know what it sounds
like
what's funny during the production of
world of war we actually brought in
brian Joo EE our audio director we
brought his dog in and we had the dog in
the in the recording studio trying to
record barking for the dog sport
multi-player thanks Trevor for taking
the time to show us the studio and now I
know so many of the community members
believe they have found all the Easter
eggs there are two fine but let me
assure you Treyarch says you're not even
close so I hope you pay close attention
to what you just saw thanks so much for
watching inside Xbox